docs: ica tx encoding documentation added (#4169)
cosmos/ibc-go: docs/apps/interchain-accounts/tx-encoding.md

# Transaction Encoding

When orchestrating an interchain account transaction, which comprises multiple `sdk.Msg` objects represented as `Any` types, the transactions must be encoded as bytes within [`InterchainAccountPacketData`](https://github.com/cosmos/ibc-go/blob/v7.2.0/proto/ibc/applications/interchain_accounts/v1/packet.proto#L21-L26).

```protobuf
// InterchainAccountPacketData is comprised of a raw transaction, type of transaction and optional memo field.
message InterchainAccountPacketData {
  Type   type = 1;
  bytes  data = 2;
  string memo = 3;
}
```

The `data` field must be encoded as a [`CosmosTx`](https://github.com/cosmos/ibc-go/blob/v7.2.0/proto/ibc/applications/interchain_accounts/v1/packet.proto#L28-L31).

```protobuf
// CosmosTx contains a list of sdk.Msg's. It should be used when sending transactions to an SDK host chain.
message CosmosTx {
  repeated google.protobuf.Any messages = 1;
}
```

> The encoding method for `CosmosTx` is determined during the channel handshake process. If the channel version [metadata's encoding field](https://github.com/cosmos/ibc-go/blob/v7.2.0/proto/ibc/applications/interchain_accounts/v1/metadata.proto#L22) is marked as `proto3`, `CosmosTx` undergoes protobuf encoding. Conversely, if the field is set to `proto3json`, pbjson encoding takes place, which generates a JSON representation of the protobuf message.

Reviewer: Sorry, I should look into the differences myself between all these packages, but is `pbjson encoding` here or `protojson encoding`?

> The encoding method for `CosmosTx` is determined during the channel handshake process. If the channel version [metadata's encoding field](https://github.com/cosmos/ibc-go/blob/v7.2.0/proto/ibc/applications/interchain_accounts/v1/metadata.proto#L22) is marked as `proto3`, `CosmosTx` undergoes protobuf encoding. Conversely, if the field is set to `proto3json`, pbjson encoding takes place, which generates a JSON representation of the protobuf message.

Author: The SDK uses jsonpb. So I'll use this term instead

> The encoding method for `CosmosTx` is determined during the channel handshake process. If the channel version [metadata's encoding field](https://github.com/cosmos/ibc-go/blob/v7.2.0/proto/ibc/applications/interchain_accounts/v1/metadata.proto#L22) is marked as `proto3`, `CosmosTx` undergoes protobuf encoding. Conversely, if the field is set to `proto3json`, pbjson encoding takes place, which generates a JSON representation of the protobuf message.

Author: Also, the text below is correct because jsonpb is a (deprecated) implementation of proto3 specification right?
```text
Note the data field is a base64 encoded byte string as per the [proto3 JSON encoding specification](https://developers.google.com/protocol-buffers/docs/proto3#json).
```

## Protobuf Encoding

> Protobuf encoding serves as the standard encoding process for `CosmosTx`. This occurs if the channel handshake initiates with an empty channel version metadata or if the encoding field explicitly denotes `proto3`. In Golang, the protobuf encoding procedure utilizes the `proto.Marshal` function. Every protobuf autogenerated Golang type comes equipped with a Marshal method that can be employed to encode the message.

Author: done

> ## (Protobuf) Json Encoding

Author: done

> Protojson encoding presents an alternative encoding technique for `CosmosTx`. It is selected if the channel handshake begins with the channel version metadata encoding field labeled as `proto3json`.  In Golang, protojson encoding employs the `"github.com/cosmos/gogoproto/jsonpb"` package. Within CosmosSDK, the ProtoCodec structure implements the JSONCodec interface, leveraging the `jsonpb` package. This method generates a JSON format as follows:

Author: done

<!--
order: 7
-->

# Transaction Encoding

When orchestrating an interchain account transaction, which comprises multiple `sdk.Msg` objects represented as `Any` types, the transactions must be encoded as bytes within [`InterchainAccountPacketData`](https://github.com/cosmos/ibc-go/blob/v7.2.0/proto/ibc/applications/interchain_accounts/v1/packet.proto#L21-L26).

```protobuf
// InterchainAccountPacketData is comprised of a raw transaction, type of transaction and optional memo field.
message InterchainAccountPacketData {
  Type   type = 1;
  bytes  data = 2;
  string memo = 3;
}
```

The `data` field must be encoded as a [`CosmosTx`](https://github.com/cosmos/ibc-go/blob/v7.2.0/proto/ibc/applications/interchain_accounts/v1/packet.proto#L28-L31).

```protobuf
// CosmosTx contains a list of sdk.Msg's. It should be used when sending transactions to an SDK host chain.
message CosmosTx {
  repeated google.protobuf.Any messages = 1;
}
```

> The encoding method for `CosmosTx` is determined during the channel handshake process. If the channel version [metadata's `encoding` field](https://github.com/cosmos/ibc-go/blob/v7.2.0/proto/ibc/applications/interchain_accounts/v1/metadata.proto#L22) is marked as `proto3`, `CosmosTx` undergoes protobuf encoding. Conversely, if the field is set to `proto3json`, jsonpb encoding takes place, which generates a JSON representation of the protobuf message.

Reviewer 2: jsonpb needs a link

## Protobuf Encoding

Protobuf encoding serves as the standard encoding process for `CosmosTx`. This occurs if the channel handshake initiates with an empty channel version metadata or if the `encoding` field explicitly denotes `proto3`. In Golang, the protobuf encoding procedure utilizes the `proto.Marshal` function. Every protobuf autogenerated Golang type comes equipped with a `Marshal` method that can be employed to encode the message.

## (Protobuf) JSON Encoding

> Protojson encoding presents an alternative encoding technique for `CosmosTx`. It is selected if the channel handshake begins with the channel version metadata `encoding` field labeled as `proto3json`. In Golang, protojson encoding employs the `"github.com/cosmos/gogoproto/jsonpb"` package. Within Cosmos SDK, the `ProtoCodec` structure implements the `JSONCodec` interface, leveraging the `jsonpb` package. This method generates a JSON format as follows:

Reviewer 2: I think it'd be nice to reference the [proto3json mapping](https://protobuf.dev/programming-guides/proto3/#json) in defining the expected encoding formats

> Protojson encoding presents an alternative encoding technique for `CosmosTx`. It is selected if the channel handshake begins with the channel version metadata `encoding` field labeled as `proto3json`. In Golang, protojson encoding employs the `"github.com/cosmos/gogoproto/jsonpb"` package. Within Cosmos SDK, the `ProtoCodec` structure implements the `JSONCodec` interface, leveraging the `jsonpb` package. This method generates a JSON format as follows:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The proto3 JSON encoding presents an alternative encoding technique for `CosmosTx`. It is selected if the channel handshake begins with the channel version metadata `encoding` field labeled as `proto3json`. In Golang, the Proto3 canonical encoding in JSON is implemented by the `"github.com/cosmos/gogoproto/jsonpb"` package. Within Cosmos SDK, the `ProtoCodec` structure implements the `JSONCodec` interface, leveraging the `jsonpb` package. This method generates a JSON format as follows:
```

Author: done
